# Git Practice
https://www.wsj.com/articles/how-chess-sparked-a-career-switch-to-software-development-11605452279

This article was very interesting to read. It describes a man, named Nicholas DiBiase, in his mid-30s that wants to pursue a more challenging career from an operations and personnel manager to a software developer. He had no previous software development experience, but through learning the game of chess, Nicholas saw his potential and analytical ability. After he got a job in a software development role, Nicholas applied skills from his managerial career and said, “You can be the best software developer in the world, but if you don’t know how to work well with a team, then you’re not going to make it.” Nicholas saw how collaboration and teamwork is crucial to software development as well as strong analytical skills, and through hard work was able to accomplish the career he had hoped for.

I also found this article to be very interesting. As the article highlights the Nicholas' professional career and his journey, the way that Nicholas were able to make the jump to software engineering career using resources from online was very impressive. Nicholas' talked about how getting good at chess by practicing and learning new skills gave him the analytical skills that he needed for his new software engineering career. Nicholas' also mentioned about how his journey as a chess player where he was sufficiently better than he was before when he started became an inspiration to learn programming. This parallelism between him as a chess player and a programmer that Nicholas discovered, was very interesting to read.

By Minsu Seo (ms11108)